`oasis-test-runner`: Add benchmarking utilities

- `oasis-test-runner` now accepts `--metrics.address` and `--metrics.interval`
  parameters which are forwarded to `oasis-node` workers.
- `oasis-test-runner` now signals `oasis_up` metric to Prometheus when a test
  starts and when it finishes.
- `--num_runs` parameter added which specifies how many times each test should
  be run.
- `basic` E2E test was renamed to `runtime`.
- Scenario names now use corresponding namespace. e.g. `halt-restore` is now
  `e2e/runtime/halt-restore`.
- Scenario parameters are now exposed and settable via CLI by reimplementing
  `scenario.Parameters()` and setting it with `--<test_name>.<param>=<val>`.
- Scenario parameters can also be generally set, for example
  `--e2e.node.binary` will set `node.binary` parameter for all E2E tests and
  `--e2e/runtime.node.binary` will set it for tests which inherit `runtime`.
- Multiple parameter values can be provided in form
  `--<test_name>.<param>=<val1>,<val2>,...`. In this case, `oasis-test-runner`
  combines them with other parameters and generates unique parameter sets for
  each test.
- Each scenario is run in a unique datadir per parameter set of form
  `oasis-test-runnerXXXXXX/<test_name>/<run_id>`.
- Due to very long datadir for some e2e tests, custom internal gRPC socket
  names are provided to `oasis-node`.
- If metrics are enabled, new labels are passed to oasis-nodes and pushed to
  Prometheus for each test:
  - `instance`,
  - `run`,
  - `test`,
  - `software_version`,
  - `git_branch`,
  - whole test-specific parameter set.
- New `version.GitBranch` variable determined and set during compilation.
- Current parameter set, run number, and test name dumped to `test_info.json`
  in corresponding datadir. This is useful when packing whole datadir for
  external debugging.
- New `cmp` command for analyzing benchmark results has been added which
  fetches the last two batches of benchmark results from Prometheus and
  compares them. For more information, see `README.md` in
  `go/oasis-test-runner` folder.
