Refactor the runtime host APIs

Several changes were made to the runtime host APIs used to provision and
communicate with runtimes:

- The runtime host implementation has been moved to `go/runtime/host`.

- Some of the runtime host protocol types have been changed, all references
  to `Worker` in messages were renamed to `Runtime` to make it more clear
  what they refer to. Additionally, the `Error` message type has been changed
  to include additional fields (module and code) to make it easier to remap
  errors automatically.

  This makes it a BREAKING change for any existing runtimes.

- Provisioning of a runtime is now performed by a `Provisioner` which is an
  interface. Implementations exist for (sandboxed) ELF binaries and Intel SGX
  enclaves. The implementations have been refactored to be more composable,
  so for example the SGX implementation only implements the SGX-related bits
  but uses the regular provisioner otherwise.

- Configuration options for hosted runtimes have changed so existing configs
  will need to be _updated_ as follows:

  - The `--worker.runtime.backend` option has been renamed to
    `--worker.runtime.provisioner`.

  - The `--worker.runtime.loader` option has been renamed to
    `--worker.runtime.sgx.loader` and is now only required for supporting
    SGX runtimes. Non-SGX runtimes no longer need a loader.

  - The `--worker.runtime.binary` option has been renamed to
    `--worker.runtime.paths` and the value format has changed to be either
    a YAML map or a set of comma-separated key-value pairs separated by
    `=` (e.g., `<runtime-ID>=/path/to/binary`).

- The key manager worker has been slightly changed to use the common runtime
  provisioning code. The following configuration options have been _removed_:

  - `--worker.keymanager.tee_hardware` as the TEE hardware is inferred
    from the runtime descriptor.

  - `--worker.keymanager.runtime.loader` and
    `--worker.keymanager.runtime.binary` as the common options mentioned
    above should be used instead.
