keymanager/src/runtime: Support master secret rotations

Key managers now have the ability to rotate the master secret
at predetermined intervals. Each rotation introduces a new generation,
or version, of the master secret that is sequentially numbered, starting
from zero. These rotations occur during key manager status updates, which
typically happen during epoch transitions. To perform a rotation,
one of the key manager enclaves must publish a proposal for the next
generation of the master secret, which must then be replicated by
the majority of enclaves. If the replication process is not completed
by the end of the epoch, the proposal can be replaced with a new one.

The following metrics have been added:

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_consensus_ephemeral_secret_epoch_number`
  is the epoch number of the latest ephemeral secret.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_consensus_master_secret_generation_number`
  is the generation number of the latest master secret.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_consensus_master_secret_rotation_epoch_number`
  is the epoch number of the latest master secret rotation.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_consensus_master_secret_proposal_generation_number`
  is the generation number of the latest master secret proposal.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_consensus_master_secret_proposal_epoch_number`
  is the epoch number of the latest master secret proposal.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_enclave_ephemeral_secret_epoch_number`
  is the epoch number of the latest ephemeral secret loaded into the enclave.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_enclave_master_secret_generation_number`
  is the generation number of the latest master secret as seen by the enclave.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_enclave_master_secret_proposal_generation_number`
  is the generation number of the latest master secret proposal loaded
  into the enclave.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_enclave_master_secret_proposal_epoch_number`
  is the epoch number of the latest master secret proposal loaded
  into the enclave.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_enclave_generated_master_secret_generation_number`
  is the generation number of the latest master secret generated
  by the enclave.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_enclave_generated_master_secret_epoch_number`
  is the epoch number of the latest master secret generated by the enclave.

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_enclave_generated_ephemeral_secret_epoch_number`
  is the epoch number of the latest ephemeral secret generated by the enclave.

The following metrics have had runtime labels added:

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_compute_runtime_count`,

- `oasis_worker_keymanager_policy_update_count`.
