# Ekiden Node

## Installation

Code is compiled against Go 1.11.x.

In addition, we expect the following tools, which are present in the
development docker environment:
* [golangci-lint](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint)
* [protoc](https://github.com/google/protobuf)
* [protobuf](https://github.com/golang/protobuf) Version 1.1.0

You can build everything by running:
```
make
```

If you want to run individual steps, the following steps are used for compilation:
```
make generate
make build
```

To lint run:
```
make lint
```

## Sub-commands

In addition to implementing the Ekiden node, the `ekiden` command also
implements various sub-commands for the purpose of interacting with the
node, development, and debugging.

All sub-commands have online documentation that can be accessed via the
`--help` parameter, for example:
```
ekiden debug dummy set-epoch --help
```

### `debug dummy` - Control the dummy (centralized) node during tests

The `debug dummy` sub-command provides faclities for controlling the centralized
node during tests.

#### `debug dummy set-epoch` - Set the Oasis epoch

The `dummy set-epoch` sub-command allows the node's Oasis epoch to be
set to an arbitrary value, provided a compatible epochtime backend is
being used (`mock`, `tendermint_mock`).

```
ekiden debug dummy set-epoch -e 2600    # Set the epoch to 2600
```

#### `debug dummy wait-nodes` - Wait for a specific number of nodes to register

The `dummy wait-nodes` sub-command will block until the requested number
of compute worker nodes have registered.

```
ekiden debug dummy wait-nodes -n 5      # Wait until 5 compute nodes register
```

### `registry` - Registry backend utilities

The `registry` sub-command provides faclities for interacting with the
various registries.

#### `registry runtime` - Runtime registry backend utilities

The `registry runtime sub-command provides facilities for interacting with
the runtime registry.

#### `registry runtime list` - List registered runtimes

The `registry runtime list` sub-command will dump the runtime IDs of all
currently registered runtimes as newline deliniated hexadecimal strings.

Specifying the optional `-v` (`--verbose`) flag will instead dump each
runtime descriptor encoded as JSON.

```
ekiden registry runtime list
```

### `debug roothash` - Root hash backend utilites

The `debug roothash` sub-command provides facilities for interacting with the
root hash backend.

#### `debug roothash export` - Export the current root hash(es)

The `roothash export` sub-command will fetch the current root hash block(s)
for the requested runtime IDs and write them in a binary serialized format,
suitable for use with the main `ekiden` command's `--roothash.geneisis-blocks`
argument.

**WARNING**: The root hash block serialization format is deliberately opaque,
unstable, and unspecifed.  **Root hash blocks exported via this command are
NOT guaranteed to be compatible across different versions of the
`ekiden` command.**

```
RUNTIME_ID = 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
ekiden debug roothash export $RUNTIME_ID                 # Export to stdout
ekiden debug roothash export $RUNTIME_ID -o roothash.bin # Export to roothash.bin
```

### `storage` - Storate related utilities

The `storage` sub-command provides facilities for interacting with the
immutable content addressed blob store.

#### `storage export` - Export the contents of storage

The `storage export` sub-command will fetch the entire contents of storage
and write them in a binary serialized format, suitable for use with the
`storage import` sub-command.  No attempt is made to gracefully handle
the possibility of storage being altered while the export is in progress.

**WARNING**: The storage serialization format is deliberately opaque,
unstable, and unspecified.  **Storage contents exported via this command
are NOT guaranteed to be compatible across different versions of the
`ekiden` command.**

```
ekiden storage export -log.file=/tmp/export.log  # Export to stdout (MUST log to file.)
ekiden storage export -o storage.bin             # Export to storage.bin
```

#### `storage import`

The `storage import` sub-command will insert the contents of a storage
dump generated by the `storage export` sub-command into storage.  Due to
the relative nature of the storage value expiry, the current epoch MUST
be specified via `--current-epoch` for expiration times to be correct.

```
ekiden storage import --current_epoch 23                  # Import from stdin
ekiden storage import -i storage.bin  --current_epoch 190 # Import from storage.bin
```
